( bell ringing )
( whistle blowing )
( playing the blues )
( horn honking )
D-OHH!
( screams )
( alarm ringing )
OH, NO. I CAN'T SEE.
I'M BLIND. BLIND!
HA HA!
APRIL FOOL'S.
HEE... HEE...
AAH!
HA HA! APRIL FOOL'S.
\h\hI BEEN KEEPING
THAT CARTON OF MILK
\h\hNEXT TO THE FURNACE
FOR SIX WEEKS. SUCKER!
YOU'RE GOING DOWN, HOMER.
I'M GOING TO FOOL YOU.
YOU TALK BETTER THAN YOU FOOL.
I'LL FOOL YOU UP REAL NICE.
YOU COULDN'T FOOL YOUR MOTHER
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hON THE FOOLINGEST DAY
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hOF YOUR LIFE
IF YOU HAD AN ELECTRIFIED
\h\h\h\hFOOLING MACHINE.
PEE-YEW.
( growling )
\h\h\hAH, WHAT NOBLE VISIONARY
THOUGHT UP APRIL FOOL'S DAY?
LIKE HALLOWEEN AND CHRISTMAS,
\h\h\h\h\h\hAPRIL FOOL'S DAY
TRACES ITS ORIGINS
\hTO PAGAN RITUAL.
GOD BLESS THOSE PAGANS.
APRIL FIRST USED TO BE
\h\hTHE PAGAN NEW YEAR.
( chanting: ) BLOOD FOR BAAL!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hBLOOD FOR BAAL!
BLOOD FOR BAAL!
Lisa: THE CHRISTIANS
CHANGED THEIR CALENDAR
AND RIDICULED THOSE WHO DIDN'T.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
HEIGH-HO, PAGANS.
NEW YEAR'S WAS THREE MONTHS AGO,
\h\hBUT HERE'S A PRESENT ANY-WHO.
\h\h\h\h\hIT'S RAM'S BLOOD
FOR YOUR GODLESS CEREMONY.
( laughing )
APRIL FOOL'S.
( snickering )
( growls )
\h\h\h\h( chanting: )
NOW WHO'S LAUGHING?!
AND THAT'S THE STORY
OF APRIL FOOL'S DAY.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hDAD, I WAS
TELLING THE STORY.
OH, RIGHT.
THAR SHE BLOWS.
THE CATCH OF THE DAY.
ARR.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hARRGH. ARR.
ARRGH.
ARR.
WHY, YE MUTINOUS DOGS.
\h\h\h\h\hFROM THIS DAY,
I BE REQUIRING HAIRNETS.
ARR... ARGH... ARR...
\h\hI'VE GOT TO FOOL HIM
BEFORE THE DAY IS OUT.
BUT HOW?
HE MUST HAVE A WEAKNESS.
\h\h\h\hAH, BEER.
MY ONE WEAKNESS.
MY ACHILLES HEEL,
\h\hIF YOU WILL.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hBEER!
BEER IS THE CHEESE.
BUT HOW TO USE IT...
WHOO! IT'S A GOOD THING
\hTHAT BEER WASN'T
SHAKEN UP ANY MORE
OR I'D HAVE LOOKED
\hQUITE THE FOOL--
AN APRIL FOOL, AS IT WERE.
( chuckles )
( evil laughter )
HEY, KID, THAT'S FOR
\h\h\hCUSTOMERS ONLY.
\h\h\h\hDID YOU KNOW
THERE'S A GUY OUTSIDE
\h\h\h\hHANDING OUT
FREE STRIDEX PADS?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hWOW! I'M IN
PIZZA-FACE PARADISE.
MORON.
AY! NO ES BUENO!
SO THIRSTY.
EH! WHAT ARE YOU
\h\hGOING TO DO?
\hAnnouncer:
The following
is a public service
\h\h\hannouncement.
Excessive alcohol consumption
\h\h\hcan cause liver damage
and cancer of the rectum.
MMM... BEER...
APRIL F...
\h\hTHAT SOUNDED
LIKE AN EXPLOSION
AT THE SIMPSON PLACE.
\h\h\h\h\h\hFORGET IT--
THAT'S TWO BLOCKS AWAY.
\h\hLOOKS LIKE THERE'S BEER
COMING OUT OF THE CHIMNEY.
I AM PROCEEDING ON FOOT.
CALL IN A CODE EIGHT.
WE NEED PRETZELS.
REPEAT, PRETZELS.
MRS. SIMPSON, I'M AFRAID
\h\hYOUR HUSBAND IS DEAD.
( gasps )
( chuckling )
APRIL FOOL'S.
HE'S VERY MUCH ALIVE.
\h\h\hALTHOUGH I'M AFRAID
HE MAY NEVER WALK AGAIN.
♪ ROW, ROW, ROW YOUR BOAT ♪
♪ GENTLY DOWN THE STREAM... ♪
HOMEY!
MARGE!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hHOMER HAS MANY,
MANY HORRIBLE PROBLEMS.
THESE SHADOWS ARE BRAIN LESIONS
\h\h\h\h\h\hRESULTING FROM
NUMEROUS BLOWS TO THE HEAD.
( grunts )
( snoring )
AH...
( Psycho theme playing )
AH!
AND HIS BRAIN WAVES ARE
\h\hDISTURBINGLY ERRATIC.
\h\h\h\h\h\hYOU ARE WIRED INTO
THE REST OF YOUR FAMILY.
YOU HAVE THE ABILITY
\h\h\h\hTO SHOCK THEM
\h\h\h\h\hAND THEY HAVE
THE ABILITY TO SHOCK...
JUST TESTING.
WHOA!
AH!
\h\h\hBART, HOW COULD YOU
SHOCK YOUR LITTLE SISTER?
MY FINGER SLIPPED.
AH!
SO DID MINE.
AY!
AH!
BART, LISA, STOP THAT.
Both: AH!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hBART!
WHOA!
Dr. Monroe:
NO, NO, NO.
NO, WAIT A MINUTE.
WAIT, WAIT.
THIS IS NOT THE WAY
TO GET HEALTHY!
( Simpsons clamoring )
\h\h\h\h\h\hMRS. SIMPSON,
CAN YOU THINK OF ANYTHING
TO ACCOUNT FOR ALL THIS?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hUNLESS IT WAS THAT TIME
HE KEPT FALLING DOWN THE CLIFF.
I WON'T JUMP ANYMORE.
\h\h\h\h\hI PROMISE.
\h\h\hOH, THANK GOD,
THANK GOD, THANK GOD.
I LOVE YOU, DAD.
I LOVE YOU, TOO, SON.
YOU KNOW, BOY,
\hI DON'T THINK
\h\hI'VE EVER FELT THIS CLOSE
TO YOU AS I DO RIGHT... HUH?
HUH? WHAT? HUH?
AH!
D-AH!
Crowd: OOH!
I'M GOING TO MAKE IT.
THIS IS THE GREATEST THRILL
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hOF MY LIFE.
I'M KING OF THE WORLD!
WOO-HOO! WOO-HOO!
I...
( screaming )
OOH! OW! OW!
OH! YEE! YOW! OH!
OH! D-OH! OOH!
OH! OH!
( panting )
YOW!
OW! OW!
OW!
( siren wailing )
AH!
OOH! OW! OW!
( grunting )
D-OH! D-OHH! OOH!
( panting )
OW!
HMM...
THAT STILL WOULDN'T EXPLAIN
\h\h\hWHAT I'M SEEING HERE.
YOU LOOK FAMILIAR.
HAVE WE MET BEFORE?
CLEAR.
DOCTOR
HE'S GONE.
\hTHIS IS THE PART
OF THE JOB I HATE.
( gasps )
YOU'RE A VETERINARIAN?
THAT'S RIGHT. FOR AN EXTRA $20
I'LL GIVE HOMER A TICK BATH
\h\h\h\hAND THEN SPAY HIM.
HERE YOU GO, DOC.
BART!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hSHOP AROUND.
YOU CAN'T BEAT THAT PRICE.
YOU GUYS
MUST HAVE BEEN
PRETTY WORRIED
ABOUT ME.
WE KNOW YOU'RE TOUGH.
\h\h\h\hREMEMBER THAT TIME
YOU GOT LOST IN THE FOREST?
THIS IS A TRAP.
\h\h\h\hIT'S GOING TO
CATCH US OUR DINNER.
\h\h\h\h\hC'MON, BOY.
SHH! JUST WATCH.
OOH...
A-HA! GOT HIM.
( distant thud )
OKAY, THIS TIME, I'LL JUST GO
\hINTO THE BUSHES OVER THERE
\hMAKE A LOT OF NOISE,
AND FLUSH OUT A RABBIT.
WHEN HE COMES OUT,
\h\hYOU STEP ON HIM.
RIGHT, DAD.
AH! GET THEM OFF ME!
GET THEM OFF ME!
( grunting )
IT'S TRUE-- YOU HAVE
\hGOOD COPING SKILLS.
YOUR BURGERS ARE
\hGETTING COLD...
HOLY MOLEY.
AH!
OH!
HUH?
\h\h\h\h\hAND THERE'S ONE
ITCHY AND SCRATCHY CARTOON
\h\h\hI DON'T THINK
WE'LL EVER FORGET.
AH!
\h\hWHY DID YOU
BRING THAT UP?
IT WAS AN AMUSING EPISODE...
OF OUR LIVES.
THANKS FOR COMING
TO VISIT ME, MOE.
I BROUGHT YOU A PRESENT.
\h\h\hNO... NO...
BEER BRING PAIN.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hI CAN'T STAND
TO SEE HIM LIKE THIS.
AH... AH...
( muffled groaning )
( loud yell )
HE REALLY NEEDS A GIRLFRIEND.
OH, MARGE, WHAT IF I WIND UP
\h\h\h\h\h\hAS SOME VEGETABLE
WATCHING TV ON THE COUCH?
\h\h\h\hMY IMPORTANT WORK
WILL NEVER BE COMPLETED.
SOCIETY'S LOSS, I SUPPOSE
BUT OUR MARRIAGE HAS BEEN
\h\h\hTHROUGH HARD TIMES
AND WE ALWAYS PULL THROUGH.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h( "Love Lifts Us Up
Where We Belong" playing )
HUH? HUH? HUH?
MARGE!
WHAT A LOVELY SURPRISE.
YOU'RE HERE TO SEE
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hME, RIGHT?
OF COURSE.
( cheering and applause )
HEY!
WAY TO GO, HOMER.
WAY TO GO!
WHAT WILL I TELL THE BOSS?
\h\h\hTELL HIM I'M GOING
TO THE BACKSEAT OF MY CAR
WITH THE WOMAN I LOVE
AND I WON'T BE BACK
\hFOR TEN MINUTES.
( cheering and applause )
YOU CAN DO IT, HOMER.
STAND UP.
I CAN'T.
HE JUST WON'T BUDGE.
I'VE TRIED EVERYTHING.
NOTHING CAN REACH HIM.
MMM...
CHOCOLATE.
( barking )
( yapping )
WOW, CHOCOLATE, HALF PRICE.
BAH! BAH!
BAH!
CAN'T BREATHE...
SWEET CHOCOLATE...
CUTTING OFF AIR...
( gagging )
MMM...
NUTS.
( Homer gagging )
( swallowing )
OH, YEAH.
POOR HOMER.
\hTHIS WORLD WAS NEVER MEANT
FOR ONE AS BEAUTIFUL AS YOU.
( gagging )
AH! KILL IT!
KILL IT!
GRANDPA, PLEASE,
\hHE'S IN A COMA.
COMA?
WHY, I GO IN AND OUT
\hOF COMAS ALL THE...
FRENCH TOAST, PLEASE.
IS A COMA PAINFUL?
OH, HECK NO.
YOU RELIVE LONG-LOST SUMMERS,
KISS GIRLS FROM HIGH SCHOOL.
IT'S LIKE ONE OF THOSE TV SHOWS
WHERE THEY SHOW A BUNCH OF CLIPS
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hFROM OLD EPISODES.
YEAH, WELL, ANYWAY
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hI WONDER
WHAT HE'S THINKING NOW.
( dreamy music plays )
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hTHIS MAN IS COSTING
MY HEALTH PLAN $5,000 A DAY.
I DEMAND THAT HE DIE
\h\h\h\hWITH DIGNITY.
\h\h\h\h\hNOW, LOOK,
I'M THE DOCTOR HERE.
\hWELL, I DEMAND
A SECOND OPINION.
HI, EVERYBODY!
Everybody: HI, DR. NICK!
( yelps )
OH, DEAR.
I SEE NO SIGNS OF LIFE.
\h\h\h\h\hJUST TO BE SAFE,
WE'D BETTER PULL THE PLUG.
YOINK.
MR. BURNS, HOW CAN YOU BE
\h\h\h\h\hSO COLDHEARTED?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hYOU HAVE NO IDEA, WOMAN,
WHAT THAT MAN'S PUT ME THROUGH.
UH, MR. BURNS
I NEED TO BORROW
\h\h\hSOME MONEY.
PLEASE, DO GO ON.
\h\hHomer: I KNOW
YOU'RE A GOOD MAN
AND I HAVE A DOG
THAT'S VERY SICK.
OH, PLEASE, CONTINUE.
I THOUGHT MAYBE YOU...
OH.
WELL, THANKS FOR YOUR TIME.
I HAVE
AN UNORTHODOX SOLUTION--
A FANTASTIC VOYAGE, IF YOU WILL.
\h\hTHREE SCIENTISTS,
ONE A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
\h\h\hWILL BE SHRUNK
TO MICROSCOPIC SIZE.
\h\hTHEY WILL THEN RENDEZVOUS
IN MR. SIMPSON'S LOWER COLON.
All: EW!
WELL, WE HAVE HAD A LITTLE
TROUBLE FINDING VOLUNTEERS.
I WISH I'D GOTTEN TO KNOW
\h\h\h\h\hYOU BETTER, DAD
\h\hBUT THERE WERE TIMES
WHEN WE REALLY CONNECTED.
HI, DAD.
\hWANT ME TO CUT OUT
THIS INFERNAL RACKET?
\h\hOH, LET ME
HEAR YOU PLAY.
WHY?
DOES A FATHER HAVE TO EXPLAIN?
LET'S JUST SHARE
YOUR GIFT, OKAY?
( plays blues )
OH...
( sobbing )
( wailing )
( plays "When the Saints
\h\h\hCome Marching In" )
HUH?
YEAH, THAT'S MORE LIKE IT.
OH-HO! WOO!
♪ OH, I WANT TO BE
\h\hIN THAT RUMBA ♪
♪ WHEN THE SAINTS GO
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hOVER THERE ♪
♪ OH, OVER THERE ♪
♪ OH, OVER THERE... ♪
I WROTE THIS FOR YOU, DAD.
( playing blues )
DAD, I'M SO SORRY.
I KNOW I HAVEN'T BEEN
\h\h\hA PERFECT KID.
( gasps )
WHY, YOU LITTLE...
\h( theme from Raiders
of the Lost Ark plays )
WHAT THE... D-OHHH!
( horn beeps )
( Bart snickering )
( primitive jabbering )
I KNOW THAT I GOT YOU MAD
\h\h\h\hONCE IN A WHILE.
( repeatedly yelling "d-ohhh!" )
\h\hAND SOMETIMES,
I GOT INTO TROUBLE.
( rattling )
BART, YOU CAN'T GO
\h\h\hON LIKE THIS.
I KNOW.
( coughs )
\h\hBUT YOU ALWAYS
LOOKED OUT FOR ME.
\h\h\h\h\h\hMarge: HOMER,
IT'S REALLY COMING DOWN.
COULD YOU CHECK ON THE BOYS?
( thunderclap )
THEY'RE FINE.
AND NO MATTER
WHAT HAPPENS
\h\h\hI'LL NEVER FORGET
THE ADVICE YOU GAVE ME.
YOU'RE GOING TO LEARN
\h\h\h\hHOW TO SHAVE.
AND FINALLY, THE LITTLE SPOT
\h\h\h\h\h\hUNDER YOUR NOSE.
NEXT, WE TAKE SOME
\h\h\hTOILET PAPER
TEAR OFF SOME TEENSY
\h\h\hLITTLE SQUARES
AND STICK ONE THERE
AND THERE
\h\hAND ANY PLACE
YOU'RE BLEEDING.
DON'T WORRY.
THE BLOOD WILL HOLD IT
\h\hRIGHT ON YOUR FACE.
NOW SOME AFTER SHAVE.
OOH! AH! EEH!
( screams )
( growls )
AH! YOU SON OF A..!
AND THAT'S HOW WE SHAVE.
DAD, IT'S ALL MY FAULT.
I SHOOK UP THAT CAN OF BEER.
\h\h\h\h\hIT WAS JUST
AN APRIL FOOL'S JOKE.
( growling )
WHY, YOU LITTLE..!
HOMEY, YOU'RE ALL RIGHT!
WE'RE A FAMILY AGAIN!
( gagging )
\h\h\h\hTHIS CALLS
FOR A CELEBRATION.
WE'RE ALL GOING
\h\hTO HAWAII.
( all gasp )
GOTCHA!
\h\hIT'S APRIL FOOL'S
FOR TWO MORE MINUTES.
DAD, IT'S MAY 16th.
YOU WERE IN THAT COMA
\h\hFOR SEVEN WEEKS.
UH-HUH.
YOU LOST FIVE PERCENT
\h\h\hOF YOUR BRAIN.
ME LOSE BRAIN? UH-OH.
WHY I LAUGH?
\h\h\h\hCaptioned by VISUAL DATA
Your Closed Captioning Resource
\h\h\h\h--www.visualdatainc.com--
Shh!